warning this episode contains copious
amounts of duke devlin women with heart
conditions are advised not to look
directly at duke devlin this also
applies to women without heart
conditions he's very pretty see see how
pretty he is he's very pretty I'd like
to run my fingers through his hair and
I'm just a voice anyway without further
ado enjoy your crappy anime cartoon
I'm glad to see you're still around
Bokashi well happy new year oh it was
terrible I remember it like it was
yesterday it was seven minutes ago yep
yesterday
save us okay I did not say that my good
sir my senses and I are looking further
there's helpful piece of wash know
there's a demon fox right I'm afraid I
cannot comply with that request then I'm
afraid I shall have the resort to
physical violence oh hell man don't
worry mine hello no raise I can hold
them off here my monocle I don't curse
all the spaghetti steaming hot little
battle oh dear it seems defending you
both are counted and then strain on my
physical meaning puddle and that's what
happened da most you do realize none of
that actually happened right maybe our
story just happens to be about a
renowned moderator in these servers a
moderator named super 64 that's him by
the way and that's how I defeated the
evil gray save the server's of melee and
became a ma uh that's great who are you
again climb your best friend super 64
remember uh no you're not I don't even
know you Oh
well then would you like to be from
phone you're gone just like everyone oh
boy super 64 you've got mail that's
pakery he delivers messages to people
apparently don't know i just read the
script oh hey pakery boy you call
another assignment it's a macking
activity in the new server I'm on it by
the way I would lose the British accent
it sounds really fake hey now what's
this my exhale isn't fake it's all fake
if you say so yeah that was a close one
that guy's such a dick uh I still
haven't left yet oh right what's this I
hear about hacks come out with your
analog sticks up you'll never take me
alive Lee Fox super 64 that's Lee Fox
he's a hacker but he's helped super 64
defeat other hackers in the past and
gained his friendship this is a bit of a
paradox in a number of ways being that
hackers are supposed to be evil or
something doesn't really make sense but
I don't care I'm the narrator Lee pox oh
it's been months it's so good to see you
again I'd like to say the same thing but
that would haha
oh okay enough with the belly written
dialogue how's it hanging Lee Fox house
what hang it's an expression what does
express yeah what's up up his direction
ahhh what have you been doing your life
in recent times oh you know the usual
hackery and whatnot you're not gonna
report me are you of course not safe
with me well then I'm guess I'm
perfectly safe yep perfectly safe
nothing bad is ever going to happen
especially not right now
here we are at the game shop once I win
this car game Duke Devlin will be out of
a job and he'll be forced to live on the
street me what a heroic thing to do
clearly he is a role model for children
everywhere welcome to the Duke Devlin
magnesium I hope you don't mind but I
took the liberty of inviting my fan
girls to watch our duel Oh Dukie you're
so fine you're so fine you blow my mind
hey Dukey hey drinky it's true what they
sued fangirl ruin everything burn the
witch hey Dukey isn't anybody gonna
notice that I'm not wearing my school
uniform I summon the extremely valid
spaceship but since it belongs to me it
grows to twice as usual size Duke Devlin
always rise to the occasion bathing
radius totally attack his life points me
Joey wheeler lost the bet Duke Devlin
makes our panties wet since you lost you
had to do what ever I want daddy down
this is slightly more humiliating than
playing a children's card game Duke
Devlin you've gone too far how dare you
force Joey to uphold his end of the
bargain I challenge you to a game and if
I win and joey is no longer your slave
fine by me but if you lose then you must
swear on the life of your grandfather
that you'll never play card games ever
again big deal he'll be dead by the end
of the month we'll play dungeon dice
monsters a game of my own creation we
each take it in turns to draw dice so
it's just like duel monsters then we use
our dice to some of the holographic
monsters to the field so it's just like
duel monsters whose opponents are given
3 heart points and when they run out the
game is so it's just like your monsters
hey stop it my game is nothing like duel
monsters prove it then
my game uses dies burn the witch knock
knock who's there interrupting Falcon
interrupting Falcon
hmm